Hpc for education (#602)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/accounts/hpc_for_education.rst

##########################################
:fas:`person-chalkboard` HPC for education
##########################################

.. _hpc for education:

|KUL| We support using HPC for educational purposes, such as in the classroom or
for hackathons. We assist the lecturers with all aspects of using HPC in the classroom,
such as creating student accounts, granting credits, providing storage, resource reservation 

> (if needed), and also in-situ technical support during the trainings, where applicable.

Reviewer: I think this will be more readable:
```suggestion
such as:
* creating student accounts
* granting compute credits
* providing storage
* reserving compute resources
* technical support during the trainings (either on-site or remote)
```

Practical steps
===============

In order to make this experience as convenient as possible for the students and the
for the lecturer, it is requested that the lecturer (or any course responsible) would

> take the following actions:

Reviewer: Since we're already using the `we`-form anyway, we can drop the passive voice:
```suggestion
for the lecturer, we ask that the lecturer (or any of the course coordinators)
takes the following actions:
```

#. Submit a request to
   `hpcinfo@.kuleuven.be <mailto:hpcinfo@kuleuven.be?subject=Accounts%20requests%20for%20students%20attending%20the%20course>`_

>    at least 2 weeks before the course needs to make use of the HPC resources.

Reviewer: again just to make it easier to read:
```suggestion
   at least 2 weeks before the course needs the HPC resources.
```

   Please provide a short description of the course, and explain why the HPC
   facilities are necessary for teaching the course. It is mandatory to provide a list
   of students with their full names, KU Leuven/UHasselt email addresses, and their student number.
   For KU Leuven an export from the participants in Toledo is sufficient.

> #. For all students on the list a VSC-account will be created without any further action required by the student. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. For all students on the list a VSC account will be created.
   No further action will be required by the students. 
```

   The students will receive a mail when the account is created. 

> #. We encourage to create a :ref:`specific VSC group <groups>` for the course, with the name starting 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. We encourage to create a :ref:`specific VSC group <groups>` for the course, with a name starting 
```

   with ``p_edu_``. We call it the ``project_name`` and assign compute credits to this project.
   The students will be added to this project, allowing them to submit compute jobs. 
   The course lecturer will be the moderator of the project. This gives the lecturer an opportunity
   to track the use of the Tier-2 clusters by individual users during the course, and add/remove students
   as needed.
   For more information about the procedure of requesting the project please refer to the
   :ref:`Slurm accounting <accounting_leuven>` page.
#. Throughout your course, we recommend to use the :ref:`Open OnDemand portal <ood>`. The students will only

>    need to use a web browser and do not need to install any other software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   need a web browser and will normally not need to install any other software.
```

#. To ensure that students jobs do not wait in the queue during the hands-on sessions, we offer
   to reserve some limited resources during the session. In that case, please submit your exact

>    resource requirements one week before the training, by latest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   resource requirements one week before the training, at the latest.
```

   We will communicate the ``<reservation_name>`` with you for every exercise session.
   To start and OnDemand session on a reserved node, please specify the ``<reservation_name>`` in the 
   'Reservation' text field of the desired app.

>    To submit batch jobs using reserved resources, the ``--reservation`` argument needs to be used, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To let batch jobs use the reserved resources, the ``--reservation`` argument needs to be applied, e.g.:
```
(more correct phrasing)

   ::

      $ sbatch --account=<project_name> --reservation=<reservation_name> jobscript.slurm

   where ``project_name`` refers to the project credit assigned to your training.

#. If you are not using Open OnDemand, make sure that the software to connect to the cluster

>    (Putty, MobaXterm, Xming, FileZilla) is available in the PC-class that will be used during the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (Putty, MobaXterm, Xming, FileZilla) is available in the PC class that will be used during the
```

      for hackathons. We assist the lecturers with all aspects of using HPC in the classroom,
      such as:

      #. creating student accounts
      #. granting compute credits
      #. providing storage
      #. reserving compute resources (only if neccessary and upon decision by site admins) 
      #. technical support during the trainings (either on-site or remote)

      To start the procedure, follow the :ref:`practical steps for the lecturer <steps for lecturer>` below.

   .. tab-item:: UAntwerpen
      :sync: ua

      To request HPC support for education, please contact the :ref:`UAntwerpen support team <contact VSC>`.
      
   .. tab-item:: UGent
      :sync: ug

      The procedure for requesting HPC support for education is elaborated in the
      `UGent internal pages on teaching and training <https://docs.hpc.ugent.be/Windows/teaching_training/>`_.

      
   .. tab-item:: VUB
      :sync: vub

      To request HPC support for education, please contact the :ref:`VUB support team <contact VSC>`.

.. _steps for lecturer:

Practical steps for the lecturer
================================

.. tab-set::

>    :sync-group: vsc-sites

Reviewer 2: does it make sense to split this up in 2 different tabsets ? If there is no other specific general text on the page, I would find it more logical to include the practical steps in the first tabset. 

A selection of a tab on the first tabset eg. for a UAntwerp user will still show only the KU Leuven practical steps in the second tabset. And if we have  a tab for each site, I think it would still make sense to only have 1 tabset element on the page.

Reviewer 3: 1 tabset is fine for me too, but then you'll have to remove the subsection, because tabs don't support section headers.

Author: Sure. 3011969 should do the job.

   .. tab-item:: KU Leuven/UHasselt
      :sync: kuluh

>        #. Submit a request to

Reviewer 3: this (and everything below) needs to be aligned with `:sync: kuluh`, otherwise it's shown as quoted text with a black bar at the left side.

Author: Also fixed in 3011969.
